Don't Drink, Don't Smoke

'Don't drink, don't smoke, what do you?' is a line from which 1982 UK No 1 hit single?
4
House Of Fun by Madness
Happy Talk by Captain Sensible
Fame by Irene Cara
Goody Two Shoes by Adam Ant

'The silent voices are driving me crazy' is a line from which 1991 UK No 8 hit single for Simply Red?
3
For Your Babies by Simply Red
Something Got Me Started by Simply Red
Stars by Simply Red
Thrill Me by Simply Red

'The girl that's driving me mad is going away' is a line from which 1965 UK No 1 hit single?
2
King Of The Road by Roger Miller
Ticket To Ride by The Beatles
My Girl by The Temptations
Stop! In The Name Of Love by The Supremes

'Received a letter just the other day' is a line from which 1980 UK No 3 hit single?
1
Embarrassment by Madness
Ashes To Ashes by David Bowie
Atomic by Blondie
One Day I'll Fly Away by Randy Crawford

'By the way, didn't I break your heart?' is a line from which 1985 UK No 2 hit single?
1
Kayleigh by Marillion
Girls On Film by Duran Duran
Take On Me by A-ha
I want To Know What Love Is by Foreigner

'You took a whole lot of loving for a handful of nothing' is a line from which 1984 UK No 8 hit single?
3
When Doves Cry by Prince And The Revolution
Don't You Want Me by The Human League
All Cried Out by Alison Moyet
Careless Whisper by George Michael

'You better watch out if you've got long black hair' is a line from which 1973 UK No 1 hit single?
2
Cum On Feel The Noize by Slade
Blockbuster! by Sweet
Long Haired Lover From Liverpool by Little Jimmy Osmond
Can The Can by Suzi Quatro

'I'm doing lonely acrobatics, unzipping my dress at 2am' is a line from which song currently in the Top 40?
1
Where Is My Husband by Raye
So Easy (To Fall In Love) by Olivia Dean
The Fate Of Ophelia by Taylor Swift
Die On This Hill by Sienna Spiro

'I've done my sentence, but committed no crime' is a line from which 1977 No 2 hit single for Queen?
3
We Will Rock You
Bohemian Rhapsody
We Are The Champions
Good Old Fashioned Loverboy

'You float like a feather in a beautiful world' is a line from which 1993 UK No 7 hit single?
1
Creep by Radiohead
Could It Be Magic by Take That
It's Alright by East 17
Steam by Peter Gabriel