Like A Lover's Voice

'Like a lover's voice fires the mountainside' is a line from which 1983 hit single?
4
Down Under by Men At Work
All Night Long (All Night) by Lionel Richie
Blue Monday by New Order
In A Big Country by Big Country

'I gotta have some of your attention, give it to me' is a line from which 1979 hit single?
3
Bright Eyes by Art Garfunkel
Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough by Michael Jackson
Brass In Pocket by The Pretenders
You're The One That I Want by John Travolta And Olivia Newton John

'See her shake on the movie screen, Jimmy Dean' is a line from which 1973/74 hit single?
2
Tiger Feet by Mud
Rock On by David Essex
Waterloo by Abba
Bennie And The Jets by Elton John

'L. A. is a great big freeway' is a line from which 1968 UK hit single?
1
Do You Know The Way To San Jose by Dionne Warwick
Hello, I Love You by The Doors
Hey Jude by The Beatles
The Mighty Quinn by Manfred Mann

'Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo' is a line from which 1975 UK hit single?
4
That's The Way Of The World by Earth, Wind & Fire
I'm Sorry by John Denver
Lonely People by America
Rhinestone Cowboy by Glen Campbell

'On a cold and grey Chicago morning' is a line from which 1969 UK hit single?
3
Honky Tonk Woman by The Rolling Stones
Dizzy by Tommy Roe
In The Ghetto by Elvis Presley
I Heard It Through The Grapevine by Marvin Gaye

'See them walking hand in hand across the bridge at midnight' is a line from which 1981 hit single?
1
Girls On Film by Duran Duran
Green Door by Shakin' Stevens
Rapture by Blondie
Endless Love by Diana Ross And Lionel Richie

'You'd get more mileage from a cheap pair of sneakers' is a line from which 1980 hit single?
4
Call Me by Blondie
Going Underground by The Jam
Funkytown by Lipps Inc.
It's Still Rock And Roll To Me by Billy Joel

'Life in plastic, it's fantastic' is a line from which 1997 UK hit single?
3
I Want You by Savage Garden
Doo Wop (That Thing) by Lauryn Hill
Barbie Girl by Aqua
Wild Wild West by Will Smith

'Don't let your indecision, take you from behind' is a line from which 1981 hit single?
3
Keep On Loving You by REO Speedwagon
9 To 5 by Dolly Parton
Making Your Mind Up by Bucks Fizz
Don't You Want Me by Human League