I Sing Myself To Sleep

'I sing myself to sleep, a song from the darkest hour?' is a line from which hit single, first released in the UK in 1989?
3
I Wanna Be Adored by The Stone Roses
This Is How It Feels by The Inspiral Carpets
Sit Down by James
Everybody Wants To Rule The World by Tears For Fears

'I'm the type of guy who will never settle down' is a line from which 1962 UK hit single?
2
Return To Sender by Elvis Presley
The Wanderer by Dion
Teenage Idol by Rocky Nelson
Hit The Road, Jack by Ray Charles

'So why don't we make a little room in my BMW' is a line from which 1996 UK hit single?
3
Don't Speak by No Doubt
Wannabe by The Spice Girls
Fastlove by George Michael
Because I Love You by Celine Dion

'I bet you're wondering how I knew, 'bout your plans to make me blue' is a line from which 1969 UK hit single?
3
In The Ghetto by Elvis Presley
Get Back by The Beatles
I Heard It Through The Grapevine by Marvin Gaye
Honky Tonk Woman by The Rolling Stones

'Madame Onassis got nothing on you' is a line from which 1972 UK hit single?
1
You Wear It Well by Rod Stewart
Nights In White Satin by The Moody Blues
I'd Like To Teach The World To Sing (In Perfect Harmony) by The New Seekers
Solid Gold East Action by T. Rex

'Face to face, toe to toe, heart to heart as we hit the floor' is a line from which 1975 UK hit single?
1
Love Is The Drug by Roxy Music
Love Will Keep Us Together by Captain & Tennille
Sailing by Rod Stewart
You Keep Me Hanging on by Vanilla Fudge

'He was shot six times by a man on the run' is a line from which 1983 UK hit single?
4
Is There Something I Should Know by Duran Duran
Temptation by Heaven 17
Let's Dance by David Bowie
Moonlight Shadow by Mike Oldfield

'If I was a sculptor, but then again no' is a line from which 1971 UK hit single?
1
Your Song by Elton John
Maggie May by Rod Stewart
My Sweet Lord by George Harrison
Get It On by T. Rex

'Me I go from one extreme to another' is a line from which 1982 UK hit single?
2
Heart by Pet Shop Boys
The Look Of Love by ABC
Jump by Van Halen
Come On Eileen by Dexys Midnight Runners

'Finished with my woman cos she couldn't help me with my mind' is a line from which 1970 hit single?
4
Bridge Over Troubled Water by Simon And Garfunkel
Voodoo Chile by The Jimi Hendrix Experience
I Hear You Knocking by Dave Edmunds
Paranoid by Black Sabbath