Words: The 1960s

'First time that I saw you, girl, I knew that I just had to make you mine' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
2
She Loves You by The Beatles
Dizzy by Tommy Roe
I Can't Stop Loving You by Ray Charles
I'm A Believer by The Monkees

'Come all without, come all within' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
1
The Mighty Quinn by Manfred Mann
Like A Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan
A Whiter Shade Of Pale by Procol Harum
Louie Louie by The Kingsmen

'Since we're not together, I pray for stormy weather' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
1
Crying In The Rain by The Everly Brothers
You Are My Sunshine by Ray Charles
Rhythm Of The Rain by The Cascades
You Really Got Me by The Kinks

'Well no one told me about her, the way she lied' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
4
Good Vibrations by The Beach Boys
Respect by Aretha Franklin
My Girl by The Temptations
She's Not There by The Zombies

'I can make like a turtle and dive for your pearls in the sea, yep' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
3
Honky Tonk Women by The Rolling Stones
Purple Haze by The Jimi Hendrix Experience
Sunshine Superman by Donovan
White Rabbit by Jefferson Airplane

'They say our love won't pay the rent' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
2
I Am A Rock by Simon & Garfunkel
I Got You Babe by Sonny & Cher
Wouldn't It Be Nice by The Beach Boys
These Boots Are Made For Walking by Nancy Sinatra

'You got the power to turn on the light' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
4
Light My Fire by The Doors
My Generation by The Who
Be My Baby by The Ronettes
Bend Me, Shape Me by The American Breed

'You make my heart sing, you make everything groovy' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
1
Wild Thing by The Troggs
Catch Us If You Can by The Dave Clark Five
California Girls by The Beach Boys
Do You Believe In Magic by The Lovin' Spoonful

'Every other day of the week is fine, yeah' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
2
Nowhere Man by The Beatles
Monday Monday by The Mamas & The Papas
I've Got You Under My Skin by The Four Seasons
When A Man Loves A Woman by Percy Sledge

'He's doing the Monkey, the Mashed Potatoes, Jump back Jack, See you later alligator' is a line from which 1960s hit single?
3
Land Of A Thousand Dances by Wilson Pickett
The Twist by Chubby Checker
Papa's Got A Brand New Bag by James Brown
The Loco-Motion by Little Eva