Moving Into The Universe

'Moving into the universe, moving this way and that' is a line from which UK 1986 hit single?
3
Chain Reaction by Diana Ross
Burning Heart by Survivor
And She Was by Talking Heads
Rise by Public Image Limited

'Little darling, it's been a long, cold, lonely winter' is a line from which song on the 1969 Beatles album Abbey Road
1
Here Comes The Sun
Something
Come Together
Maxwell's Silver Hammer

'Pretty women walking with gorillas down my street' is a line from which UK 1979 hit single?
2
We Don't Talk Anymore by Cliff Richard
Is She Really Going Out With Him by Joe Jackson
I Don't Like Mondays by Boomtown Rats
Angel Eyes by Roxy Music

'The world has come between us' is a line from which UK 1996 hit single
1
Breakfast At Tiffany's by Deep Blue Something
Angel by Simply Red
Words by Boyzone
Place Your Hands by Reef

'Children behave, that what's they say when were together' is a line from which 1988 UK hit single?
1
I Think We're Alone Now by Tiffany
I Should Be So Lucky by Kylie Minogue
Shake Your Love by Debbie Gibson
Tower Of Strength by The Mission

'Loving you isn't the right thing to do' is a line from which 1977 UK hit single?
1
Go Your Own Way by Fleetwood Mac
Boogie Nights by Heatwave
Daddy Cool by Boney M
Car Wash by Rose Royce

'I'm an educated fool with love on my mind' is a line from which 1995 UK hit single?
2
Wonderwall by Oasis
Gangsta's Paradise by Coolio feat. L.V.
Missing by Everything But The Girl
He's On The Phone by St Etienne

'Your beauty is beyond compare, With flaming locks of auburn hair' is a line from which 1976 UK hit single?
3
Young Hearts Run Free by Candi Staton
You're My best Friend by Queen
Jolene by Dolly Parton
You To Me Are Everything by The Real Thing

'You can block my path, you can wear my shoes' is a line from which 1993 UK hit single?
1
Things Can Only Get Better by D:Ream
Cornflake Girl by Tori Amos
Deep by East 17
Ordinary World by Duran Duran

'I get the same old dreams, same time every night' is a line from which 1979 UK hit single?
4
Message In A Bottle by The Police
Every Day Hurts by Sad Cafe
Don't Bring Me Down by Electric Light Orchestra
Since You've Been Gone by Rainbow




