Lyrical Years

'I'm gonna make you stand and deliver, and give me love in the old-fashion way' is a line from which 1986 hit single?
3
Say You Say me by Lionel Richie
Broken Wings by Mr. Mister
When The Going Gets Tough, The Tough Get Going by Billy Ocean
Chain Reaction by Diana Ross

'Screwed-up eyes and screwed-down hairdo, like some cat from Japan' is a line from which 1972 hit single?
1
Ziggy Stardust by David Bowie
Megan Guru by T. Rex
You Wear It Well by Rod Stewart
American Pie by Don McLean

'My woman takes me higher, my woman keeps me warm' is a line from which 1976 hit single?
2
Squeeze Box by the Who
You Should Be Dancing by Bee Gees
Love Really Hurts Without You by Billy Ocean
I Love to Love by Tina Charles

'Slip inside the eye of your mind' is a line from which 1996 hit single?
4
Wannabe by The Spice Girls
Return Of The Mack by mark Morrison
Spaceman by Babylon Zoo
Don't Look Back In Anger by Oasis

'We were all in the news with our blue suede shoes' is a line from which 1974 hit single?
3
Seasons In The Sun by Terry Jacks
Tiger Feet by Mud
Shang-A-Lang by The Bay City Rollers
Killer Queen by Queen

'Where does it go from here? Is it down to the lake I fear?' is a line from which 1982 hit single?
2
Fame by Irene Cara
Love Plus One by Haircut 100
Eye Of The Tiger by Survivor
Goody Two Shoes by Adam Ant

The distant echo, of faraway voices boarding faraway trains' is a line from which 1978 hit single?
4
Native New Yorker by Odyssey
Lovely Day by Bill Withers
Stalin' Alive by Bee Gees
Down In The Time Station At Midnight by The Jam

'All the dreams that we were building, We never fulfilled them' is a line from which 1986 hit single?
1
Lessons In Love by Level 42
Every Loser Wins by Nick Berry
Take My Breath Away by Berlin
A Different Corner by George Michael

'Many faces I have seen, many places I have been' is a line from which 2000 hit single?
1
Pure Shores by All Saints
Bag It Up by Gerri Halliwell
Fill Me In by Craig David
Go Let It Out by Oasis

'The ice age is coming, the sun's zooming in' is a line from which 1979 hit single?
2
September by Earth, Wind & Fire
London Calling by The Clash
Contact by Edwin Starr
Tragedy by Bee Gees


